Yes
No
, Folder: 
Warning
You didn't select a section/author to add a book or the root node to add a section/author.
Error
Cancel
Author
Category
You cann't edit the root node.
Type
Apply
Browse for PDF/DjVu files or manuscripts folders.
Authors
You didn't select books files.
Edit Section Name
Add a book
You didn't select PDF/DjVu files for the books.
The following book file exists in one of the sections and you can not repeat the books:
Book Title
Book Location
You cann't browse the root node.
Some of the books titles, authors or sections are empty. Please fill all the information.
Sections
You can't delete the root node.
Are you sure you want to delete: 
You didn't select any section, book or author to be deleted.
Section: 
, Book: 
These Books are not available now (they maybe deleted, their names or locations were changed or they are recently imported and their files are not placed in the correct location):
Do you want to delete them with their indexing files?
Section name is empty. Please put a correct title for it.
OCR PDF convertor
Title or Author is empty. Please fill it.
You didn't select a section or a book or author to be edited.
You have to choose either one book or one section or one author to be edited. You cann't edit more than one item.
You have to choose either one section/author to add a book to it or the root node to add a section/author. You cann't add to more than one of them.
You didn't enter what you want to search for in the books lists.
You didn't select any book or section to be indexed.
The following books are already indexed. Do you want to re-index them again?
Editing the author needs a re-indexing of his books. Do you want to continue?
There are no books to be indexed!
Edit Author name
Author name is empty. Please put a correct name for him.
Continue
Enter a correct word consisting of two letters or more.
This book is already selected in this menu. Specify another one.
Delete row: 
Book Folder
The following manuscript folder does not contain any image (it should be named with pure numbers) so it will not be added:
Edit the book name, author and it's section
Deleting data
Editing a book needs a re-indexing of this book. Do you want to continue?
Editing a section needs a re-indexing of all the books in this section. Do you want to continue?
Editing a multi-volume book needs a re-indexing of these volumes. Do you want to continue?
Editing a multi-volume book and it's author/section.
Display/Edit
Books List
Authors List
Attach Books' files with indexes
Exporting information
Exported Part Title
Details
You didn't select anything to be exported.
Empty input. Put the correct page number
Please provide the title and the description of the exported portion of the database.
Books Indexer Update Files
Save
Export Database
There are repeated PDF/DjVu file names (although different paths) and this is not allowed in the export process:
Save changes for this page
The following book file is corrupted os does not contain any page so it will no be added:
Browse the page
Stop
You do not have permissions to save file in this folder. Choose another one.
There are some missing PDF/DJVU files for some books, these files will not be included in the exported file:
Search Range
Next Page
Previous Page
Make it the default                     
Auto determining the CD/DVD path
There are more than one CD/DVD. Determind one of them.
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
---- Default in English ------
Sections
Books and Authors Panel
Order Lists
[ Book Section Name , Book Name , Book # if exists ]                           
Add section or a book to a section
Add
Edit
Delete
Enable editing
Indexing
Export Book's lists and there indexing files
Export
Search in books list
Search Panel
Search
Search Panel [Results: 
------------------
------------------
There is another version of the program running now. You cannot run two instances of the program.
Warning
Exit
Shamela Books convertor
Path
------------------
------------------
------------------
Search Range
Search Types
Specify search range
Out of memory. if you need more memory edit the file 'ArabicIndexer.l4j.ini'
under the prgram folder as follow:
- Increase the memory size from Xmx128m to Xmx256m or more if require.
[For Linux/Unix change in 'startup.sh' or in 'Info.plist' for Mac OSX]
Standard
Search by Arabic Roots
Search by Affix Removal, light10 (Arabic)
Standard
by Arabic Roots
by Affix Removal, light10 (Arabic)
Standard Indexing
Indexing by Arabic Roots
Indexing by Affix Removal, light10 (Arabic)
This page is not available in this document
File
Import Books
اللغة (Language) (زبان)
Exit
Help
Help Contents
About
It is forbidden to use this program in violation of the curriculum of the Sunnah
This program is licensed to all Muslims
This program is not for sale
Copyright © 2021, Maknoon.com
Version 2.1